Syd Mayfield

Software Requirement Specifications
1.  Introduction
1.1 Purpose
    The purpose of this application is to provide a public chat forum with multi-user support. 
This program will be built as a web application that connects to the CSUB Delphi Postgres
 database. It will incorporate elements of PHP, HTML, CSS, and PSQL. Any user with an up to date
 web browser and internet service should be able to connect and chat within the client.

1.3 Intended Audience and Reading Suggestions
    The intended audience of this document is any software developer looking for more
 information on how this application was built. It is recommended to read the overview of each
 section, and proceed to the section with pertinent information based on that description.

2.  Overall Description
2.4 Operating Environment
    This application requires a constant connection to the Delphi Postgres server. Without
 that connection, the user cannot communicate any chat messages or make changes to account
 information. 

3.  External Interface Requirements
3.1 User Interfaces
    The application can be broken down into four sections: Login, Home, Profile, and Room.
 Each section is essentially a webpage within the project parameters.
        Home - 
        The Home section is the main landing page that previews a list of rooms. It also 
        includes a static navbar that allows the user to find other sections of the application
        
        Login -
        The Login section contains the user input and input validation for a connection to the 
        database. This page has a static navbar and two text fields for Username and Password.
        This page also contains a second, separate portion of two text fields for registering a
        new account.

        Profile - 
        The Profile section displays user information such as Username, Email, and Color. Color
        allows the user to customize what color their username appears as in the chatroom. Along
        with the displayed information, textboxes appear for the user to be able to change any
        information tied to their account.

        Room - 
        The Room section contains a chat window and user list. The user list displays all 
        users currently connected to the specified chat room. The chat window displays all 
        messages sent within that rooms history
